# This tool is deprecated in favor of [dartdoc](https://github.com/dart-lang/dartdoc).

Please use the new dartdoc tool.

--------

dartdoc-viewer


The front-end Dart documentation viewer.

Here is how our tests are doing:
[![Build Status](https://drone.io/github.com/dart-lang/dartdoc-viewer/status.png)](https://drone.io/github.com/dart-lang/dartdoc-viewer/latest)

Running Dartdoc-Viewer

The viewer uses JSON files generated by the docgen package (currently found in 
pkg/docgen/ in the Dart repository) to display documentation.

Running Locally

There are two ways to run the viewer locally: in the Dart VM with Dartium or
compiled to JavaScript.

Place the JSON files generated from docgen in client/local. Then, depending on
whether you're running in Dartium or another browser, follow the directions
below:

In Dartium

From the Editor, right click file client/web/index.html and select "Run in
Dartium." OR, if you are developing without the editor, start a simple server
standing in the top level of this package (such as `python -m
SimpleHttpServer`) and direct Dartium to 
localhost:$PORT_NUMBER/client/web/index.html.
 
In Any Browser, Compiled to JavaScript

While standing in the `client` directory, type `pub build`. This produces
the Javascript and a deployable website at `client/build`. As with Dartium, you
can run in the Editor by right clicking file `client/web/index.html` and select 
"Run as JavaScript", OR start a simple server while standing in the top level 
of this package (such as `python -m SimpleHttpServer`) and direct any browser
to localhost:$PORT_NUMBER/client/web/index.html.

Deployment

Simply copy the entire `client/build` directory to your deployment server to
serve your data.

Special Instructions for Deploying on App Engine, for Official Dart API site

A script streamlining these steps will be forthcoming.

1. Edit `client/lib/shared.dart` so that the `useHistory` boolean is `true`
(You can use this setting with any site on App Engine, provided you resolve the
URLs similarly to
[server/scripts/redirector.py](https://github.com/dart-lang/api.dartlang.org/blob/master/server/scripts/redirector.py)
in [api.dartlang.org](https://github.com/dart-lang/api.dartlang.org).

1. Ensure you have a file at lib/config/config.yaml, which contains the key for
Google Analytics for your website. Main Dart API site's file can be found here:
[Link TBD](http://google.com).

1. Compile the site to JavaScript, by typing `pub build` while standing in the
`client` directory.

1. _If_ there is a docs folder inside `client/build`, delete it (the JSON files 
are served separately out of Google Cloud Storage, so they should not be
uploaded to App Engine).

1. Check out your App Engine site. In our case: 
[api.dartlang.org](https://github.com/dart-lang/api.dartlang.org)

1. Copy the `client/build` directory to `server/out/web` in your
api.dartlang.org checkout.

1. Download the [Google App Engine SDK for Python][GAE] and add it to your 
PATH.

1. Run `appcfg.py update <folder containing app.yaml>`.

[GAE]: https://developers.google.com/appengine/downloads#Google_App_Engine_SDK_for_Python  "Google App Engine SDK for Python"
